Readme
================
Joseph Gaudard
2022-06-14

# Introduction

# Field measurements

## Start of 24h campaign

-   Connect the chamber to the licor and the pump.
-   Place PAR sensor and air temperature in the chamber and connect them
    to the logger.
-   Connect soil temperature sensor to the logger. Connect the battery
    and see that the licor is working normally (there should be a green
    light). Connect and arm the logger. Check that the watch you will
    use to write down starting time is synchonized with the logger. Turn
    on the fan and the pump. Check the value from the licor (should be
    around 400ppm).

NEE measurement: check that the fan and pump are working and that all
the tubes are connected. Check that the logger is armed. Air the
chamber. Put the soil temperature probe in the ground on the edge of the
inner plot. Put the chamber on the inner plot and apply the chain on the
skirt of the chamber for airtightness. Write down the exact time at
which the measurement started (with a 10 seconds resolution). Leave it
undisturbed for 3 minutes. Be careful to not move around (might push
gases out of the ground) and to not shade the chamber. Write down when
the measurement ended. Remove the chain and the chamber, and air the
chamber. To save battery, you can turn off the fan and the pump in
between measurements (but not the licor!)

ER measurment Cover the chamber with the dark tarp before measuring and
do the same as for NEE.

Environmental measurements Air temperature, soil temperature, and PAR
values will be logged directly in the same dataset as the cflux. Should
we measure soil moisture after each measurements? I think yes, but it
might be destructive (because of the pins we have to put in the plot
each time)?

At the end of the 24h campaign Let the logger and licor run 1 minute
after the last measurement Turn off the fan and pump Disarm the logger.
Disconnect everything for transport. Take a picture of the field data
sheet.

Changing batteries of the licor (scooter battery) The licor will have an
orange light when it needs a new battery (and you will hear the pump
struggling too). You can finish the current measurement but will have to
change the battery afterwards. Turn off the fan and pump. Disconnect
both cables from the old battery. Connect the new battery (Connect the
correct colors or walk down the mountain to fetch the other licor!) Turn
on the fan and pump and check that everything works normally. Wait a
minute before starting a new measurement.

Changing batteries of the logger Turn off the fan and pump Disarm the
logger Disconnect the logger Change the batteries Connect the logger
Check the loggerâ€™s clock again Arm the logger

# Data dictionnaries
